=Block Services
block.volumes=Volume
block.consistency-groups=Consistency Group
block.snapshots=Snapshot
block.exports=Export

=File Services
file.filesystems=File System
file.snapshots=Snapshot

=Compute Services
compute.clusters=Cluster
compute.hosts=Host
compute.ip-interfaces=IP Interface
compute.initiators=Initiator
compute.vcenter-data-centers=vCenter Data Center
compute.vcenters=vCenter
api.hosts=Host Discovery
api.vcenters=vCenter Discovery

=Virtual Data Center Services
vdc.admin=Authentication Provider
vdc.auto-tier-policies=Auto Tiering
block.vpools=Block Virtual Pool
file.vpools=File Virtual Pool
block.migrations=Migration
vdc.network-systems=Fabric Manager
vdc.networks=Network
vdc.protection-systems=Protection System
vdc.smis-providers=SMIS Provider
vdc.storage-providers=Storage Provider
vdc.storage-tiers=Storage Tier
vdc.storage-systems=Storage System
vdc.storage-ports=Storage Port
vdc.storage-pools=Storage Pool
vdc.object-namespaces=Object Namespace
vdc.unmanaged=Unmanaged
vdc.varrays=Virtual Array
vdc.capacities=Virtual Data Center Capacity
vdc.role-assignments=Role Assignment
vdc.user-groups=User Group
vdc=Virtual Datacenter

=Other Services
metering.stats=Metering Statistics
audit.logs=Audit Logs
monitoring.events=Event Monitoring

=Tenant Services
projects=Project
tenants=Tenants
tenant=Tenant

=Object Data Control Services
object.namespaces=Namespace
object.bucket=Bucket
object.networks=Object Network
object.data-services-vpools=Object Virtual Pool
vdc.data-stores=Object Data Store
object.baseurl=Object Base URL
object.ingestion=Object Ingestion
object.secret-keys=Secret Key
object.user-secret-keys=User Secret Key
object.user-password=User Password Group
object.users=User Management
object.atmos-importer=Atoms Importer
zone.=Zones
replication.groups=Replication Groups





